a smaller central mailroom. Only attached to the station by tubes. A stack of tiles, but no internals. Staffed by The Mailman. He has to route the mail. Just him, the tubes, and paper. Maybe a space suit or internals. And a license to kill. "The mail... ALWAYS gets through." 

More anachronisms- the pneumo-tubes have sophisticated SPACE-AGE bomb deactivators/delayers/localized EMP to disable items upon entering the mailroom.

Mailman can have a disposal jettison for bombs/junk, and either send bad things into space, or assuming the SPACE-AGE bomb deactivator isn't a big piece of poo poo and does its job (why wouldn't it be a piece of poo poo), mailman can accept bribes in advance to send any bombs he might run into to certain locations.

We should have the mailroom and comms idea rolled together, turn the bridge area into more of an Operations Center, and have a Mailman and Radio Operator job. One handles stuff sent through the pneumo tubes, one regulates radio frequencies and acts as a DJ when he feels like it. They technically count as bridge crew, though they'd have to lack computer access to some of the nastier features like engine ejection and whatnot.

Make it so denied packages end up in the mailroom, and the mailman can forge addresses. Otherwise, it's just another pointless button pushing job.
Also, make it so the only door access the mailman has is the mailroom. 

Immibis: ability to destroy generators and gas turbines

Immibis: ability to build pipes

Immibis: chemistry like goonstation

Immibis: ability to build APCs

Immibis: better computer system

Immibis: firelock icon != airlock icon

Immibis: ability to build engine floor

Immibis: ability to build CIRs and RPMUs and SMESes

Immibis: ability to build air alarms and fire alarms

Immibis: pneumotubes affected by fire and explosions

Immibis: engine doesn't start loaded

Immibis: change scale of display on TEGs

Immibis: ability to build airlocks, windoors, firelocks

Immibis: ability to alter airlock/windoor permissions and permissions of other things too

Immibis: ability to build igniters

Immibis: gasmasks and firesuits in maint tunnels + engineering

Immibis: tank storage unit in engineering

Immibis: ability to build gas sensors

Immibis: ability to change IDs of stuff

Immibis: spacesuits are perfectly insulated

Immibis: pipes can be destroyed

Immibis: pneumotubes can be destroyed

Immibis: pneumotubes hide under floor

Immibis: pneumotubes can be built

